system> ?
               ?  --  Display command list
       accseccfg  --  Account security configuration
         adapter  --  Display the information of the PCIe adapters.
        alertcfg  --  Display or change the BMC global remote alert parameters.
    alertentries  --  This command manages the recipients of alerts.
             asu  --  Set UEFI settings
       autopromo  --  Automated promotion of BMC backup.
          backup  --  Creates a backup file containing the current system settings.
           batch  --  Executes CLI commands in a file for configuring settings.
                      Note: The batch command  is intended to configure settings, not to read them.
                            Inclusion of commands that do not configure settings may result in errors.
        clearcfg  --  Resets the BMC to its default settings
        clearlog  --  Clear BMC event log
           clock  --  Display/set date, time, GMT offset, and dst setting
         console  --  Exit CLI, attach to serial console
        dbgshimm  --  Enable secure debug shell (support personnel use only)
        dhcpinfo  --  View DHCP server assigned settings
             dns  --  Displays the current DNS configuration of the BMC.
          encaps  --  Let BMC quit encapsulation mode
        ethtousb  --  Display and configure ethernet to ethernet over usb
                      port mapping
            exit  --  Exit CLI (log off)
            fans  --  Displays the fan speed for all system fans
            ffdc  --  First Failure Data Capture (service data)
        firewall  --  Display the firewall rules
           fuelg  --  Display or set power usage settings
        gprofile  --  Group Profiles
          hashpw  --  Displays and configures the status of the Thirty-Party Password
            help  --  Display command list
         history  --  Display history of last 8 commands
         hreport  --  Embedded Health Report
           hwlog  --  Display the hardware activity log entries
        identify  --  Control system locator LED
        ifconfig  --  Ethernet and PPP configuration
            info  --  Display and configure the information associated with the
                      BMC
          keycfg  --  Display, add or delete activation keys
            ldap  --  LDAP configuration
             led  --  Display LED states.
             ntp  --  Displays and configures the Network Time Protocol
         portcfg  --  Serial port configuration.
     portcontrol  --  Display and control the corresponding port of service
           ports  --  Display and configure port numbers
           power  --  Control server power
         pxeboot  --  Enable or disable pxe next boot status
         rdmount  --  Remote mount
         readlog  --  Displays the BMC event log, five entries at a time
           reset  --  Reset server
         resetsp  --  Reset BMC
         restore  --  Restores the system settings using the input backup file.
restoredefaults  --  Reset all BMC settings to factory defaults
         sdemail  --  Send service information using e-mail
          seccfg  --  Firmware rollback
             set  --  Display or set CLI environment variables
            smtp  --  Display or set smtp server
            snmp  --  Enable or disable the SNMP agent
      snmpalerts  --  This command manages the recipients of snmp alerts
         spreset  --  Reset BMC
           srcfg  --  Serial redirection configuration
          sshcfg  --  Display and configures SSH parameters
             ssl  --  SSL configuration
          sslcfg  --  Displays and configures the status of the SSL Server
                      and SSL Client
         storage  --  Display and configure the information of the storage.
     storekeycfg  --  Add or delete storage key repository certificate.
       syshealth  --  System Health
           temps  --  Display system temperatures
         thermal  --  Display and configures the thermal mode policy of the host
                      system.
        timeouts  --  Server timeouts configuration
             tls  --  Set minimum TLS Level
          usbeth  --  Enable or disable the inband (Ethernet over USB) interface
           usbfp  --  Front panel USB configuration
           users  --  User profile configuration
           volts  --  Displays all the voltages and voltage thresholds
             vpd  --  Display VPD

